what's up world have been what you been
up to just had chicken but that's not
why I'm on my web here i'm gonna review
monday night raw but three a ver is too
much boring i'm not gonna watch hits
later vs randy orton or Sheamus vs
Jinder Mahal look we meet those guys to
wrestle in at three men tag that's what
they are not just loners to make them
job is because there's they wrestle 3vs3
next to the team and the cheese and win
and give the momentum what when they won
I want you buried them you don't want to
bury them you wanna get the momentum so
any whom Punk works right back i'm gonna
review that Tampa crowd was really
boring I mean I don't know so my TV
maybe cuz I remember late high wall near
my TV cuz people my house I don't know
so then I didn't really watch the magic
coordinated i watch super court so punk
um losses I mean Tom wins the match but
he loses the crowd like mother like oh
my god punk one it cheer he didn't he
bought a hard battle anyone cuz it was a
cheese again punk didn't win it hard and
Aaron it like when he faced Cena he
wanted that time when he faced a lot
other guys they wanted teen why he
didn't win it clean so the ultimate
starts first off they have I mean I
didn't II didn't watch it so fully so I
would suck tiny percent out so I thought
right back going through that steel
steps
and pawn 12 elected and punk had the
charity drive back while back he pawned
with the chair I mean they didn't have
any oh my god moments it's like a TV
diplomats what else do you want from
that so then right back goes outside in
the rain outside the barricade like that
oh my god moment of wv13 he puts a table
and then he Punk Duchess the night he
goes through the table then the ladder
goes off I mean they have the ladder up
there so Punk gets on the ladder trying
to get the top my title right back stuff
so I don't know the order but that's
what happened it was a match
and I'm just reviewing it for what we're
gonna watch it thing is gonna be good
match gonna be disappointed 24 minutes
couldn't be waste and there was a common
shell in the meal Allah t2 but wow so
okay all right now I don't have much
Nick so maybe I think I'm like a
bobblehead I don't do like it Eddie him
some punk wins and how he wins it was
cheap so let's explain it how you want
so right back try to get the title he
missed and pong tried to get it right
back push them off then the third time
where I back once again dude title what
happens you said Undertaker would come
out Thank everywhere in dark I was like
maybe on the ticker but why why would
undertake income but they he's been a
little bit like one person like some
wrestling fans might have thought
without it the group's bit like me but I
mean I knew wasn't undertaking I knew it
was gonna be some she's like Brad Maddox
or shield or some other wrestler cost in
ryback's
but who it was it was shield hey
everyone goes dark and they come in the
ring and they push right back out and
same pond goes up the ladder and win the
towel see or the cheap wind and a cheap
match you would you new pump on a
woman's you excited for the mash no one
was no one cared about the match
seriously me out me what's gonna happen
and that's the cubes crack another the
same pond because like if not fully and
this is like I in this part then I'm
gonna pants a pump and a friggin a hole
if you wanna see Monday Night Raw all
review the main even after did you get
the name event so you don't have to let
me watch bra just a crappy with you just
like how the show it's crappy the show
was good I would have got my good camera
got edited video and off so yeah peace
out a town down everyone whatever
whatever you say peace just just peace
so I'm gonna cut it cut it no car
Michelle here see on like raw we're not
going to cut the best segments p